Taekyu Shin review grade: 75/100

You have some specific complaints about the choice of noise function
in the Sebald paper, but don't suggest any concrete alternative. If
you are going to make this kind of suggestion in a review, you need to
also give some examples (= references!) to alternative functions the
authors should consider instead. Otherwise, you have not backed up
your comment with any evidence that it could be realistically
addressed -- if anisotropic noise were not computationally feasible
but isotropic noise were, the comment about preferring anisotropic
noise is effectively meaningless. On the other hand, if it is feasible
at similar cost, maybe it is something the authors should have
considered, but you bear some responsibilty to back up your review.

The review for the Shook paper also contains some negative comments
without support. You mention the size of 3D textures, but most volume
rendering uses 3D textures, and this method won't significantly
increase the memory use. Also, modern GPUs have a fair amount of
memory, so it seem unlikely that memory would be a problem. The
rendering cost is proportional to traditional volume rendering, so I
would not expect it to increase substantially with the complexity.

Especially with negative comments, you HAVE to provide good arguments
supporting them, both to convince the other reviewers or the committee
members that the paper should not be accepted if you think it should
not, and ot provide feedback that the author's will actually listen
to. If you make negative comments without that strong supporting
argument, the authors are likely to just ignore your review. The same
is true for positive reviews -- you need to support your position on
the paper with well argued facts, not just statements.
